Update best practices for documenting catalog items (#6130)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/best_practices/Catalog_Items/Best_Practices_When_Documenting_Catalog_Items.md

- **Minimum/Maximum DxM version**
- **Licenses** (for example, DOM, SRM)
- **Soft-launch options**
- Other **Catalog items**
- Requirements for components included in the package

> [!NOTE]

> > Prerequisites in the description of the Catalog item should target the default deployment of the item. Typically, it is best practice to also include the prerequisites part of the Catalog item version description.

Author: On a given Catalog item, you can go to the Version History to see all version of the catalog item. Prerequisites might change when you are making changes to your catalog item. So a new version might have different prerequisites. Therefore, if you click on the version, you should see all prerequisites. Very recently thought, there's a change in Catalog that it shows the DM version and DM Web version by default (if configured), so that is not necessary anymore to have it in the text of your version description. 
<img width="866" height="204" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4d5b267f-ba91-44fb-9bd2-04f5709ea513" />

> > Prerequisites in the description of the Catalog item should target the default deployment of the item. Typically, it is best practice to also include the prerequisites part of the Catalog item version description.

Reviewer: OK like this?

```suggestion
> Prerequisites in the description of the Catalog item should target the default deployment of the item. Typically, it is best to also include the prerequisites for a specific version in the relevant version description, so that users also know which prerequisites apply if they deploy another version than the default version. Note that the version descriptions automatically show the DataMiner (Web) version requirements, so there's no need to add those for each version of a Catalog item.
```

> > Prerequisites in the description of the Catalog item should target the default deployment of the item. Typically, it is best practice to also include the prerequisites part of the Catalog item version description.

Author: Yes, great!
